 Yes, I can hear you. Yes, you said which day? It's on Monday. Is it this Monday? Like, let me confirm it. For the next one. It should be this Monday. Except this change. Okay. So... Yes, so the interview would be in two parts. You can hear me, right? Yes, I can hear you. So the first part would be the normal micro-teach. For 15 minutes, including your practical demo. Okay. So, remember, it's still a lecture and then close lab technician. So, the first part would be the lecture part, which is where it's still doing the normal interview. So, you can hear me. Okay. So, make sure you're not using too much slides. Really? I think you should not do. When we say 15 minutes, my critique, we see some people still having 40 slides. Again, it shows that they've known. They don't get the point of why 40 slides in a 15 minute session, where we've said five minutes out of that 15 minutes of practical demo. So, the worst thing to do is don't have more than five, six slides. The slide should just be to show us the shock job, what you plan to do, and then immediately jump to the practicals. Okay. And that practicals, you should think aloud, engage with the audience. Did you have anything in mind already that you wanted to present? Yeah, I have series of... I think I can do Internet of Things. I have some of my materials already. Some of the projects I've done. And when you say Internet of Things, what would be your practical demo about? I can... So, I have the old demos. I can come up with any project and do it and prepare for it. So, I have series of projects I could do. I could do just maybe motion detector sensor, meaning any project that I can present on that five minute. The question is, it's online. So, how would you show us? Yes, there is this online. Because I thought Internet of Things, there is this online software that can be used for demonstration. Yes, think aloud. Okay, so make sure you're interacting with us, and then making sure your audience so that you're not just one way. So, if you drag a device onto the screen, before you do that, you show us. Get us to engage. And say something like, if I wanted to build a smart home, for example. What would I think of? Use those type of prompting questions that are easy to answer, but to get us to participate. So that you're not just doing it and we're watching. What we're doing it together, and you're making us make your mind clearer. So, there should be engagement, that's the key message. And the TinkerCard is a good one. And then at the end, you could still show us through the camera and say, yes, there are, do you have any wants at home? Yes, yes. After you've demonstrated on TinkerCard, you can mention that for the sake of hands-on, because you show from your experience, you've seen that students get more excited when you show them the real physical device. Yes. So, after the TinkerCard, if you show us through the camera, and say, everything I've just done on TinkerCard, here are the same devices I have physically at home. But because this is an online interview, I'm not able to show you. However, here is what I would have done if this was physical. Here is the sensor. Here is the cable. Here is the Raspberry Pi. The Raspberry Pi. Here is the job of it. It's simply a board that helps you, blah, blah, blah. Explain all of that and say, in our next session, and we do our physical session, we will be doing exactly what we did on TinkerCard in real life. So, you're showing them that you have a future plan. And there's a whole strong tool to do with your delivery in the session. And you're also showing the hands-on. I don't know if you're familiar with 12 computing pedagogies. Yes. Yes, one of them is called hands-on. The hands-on is what you're demonstrating. So, when you're showing us the Raspberry Pi, say, reflect and say it's students' hands-on approach. So, you will just stop at TinkerCard. You would eventually in the seminar, make sure they can do exactly what they do at TinkerCard in person to show the hands-on approach, which is a key aspect when it comes to physical computing. Yes, so that is clear, right? Yes, it is clear. Yes, so after that, we just ask follow questions like, if this was a four hour session, how would you believe it? What level was this? What was the difference between a Raspberry Pi and a Twino? Why? Because we're thinking like a student, which one should I go for and why? What's the difference? Why? Exactly, and you should be able to answer all that. And they will move to the second part, which is, if you have questions about your teaching, but then if you have questions about the labs, so about follow the questions will be about typical teaching. What is your, what modules are you good at teaching, which modules are we taught in the past? Class from management, what challenges are you had in class, what are teaching, how did you handle it? Working as a team, have you co-delivered, marking, have you done, marking as a team? What challenges have you faced? How do you make sure that standardization? If possible, talk about mistakes that you made. For example, you can even give an example of the marking, where the comments were not matching, because he said it was an evening, right? Yes. And you can say what you would do differently in the future, just to make sure that doesn't happen again, that makes it strong. Because then you're showing that you're not perfect, mistakes can happen, then the lessons from it, make sure it doesn't happen again, and you're clear about what you would do next time for that not the ham. Or tell us then the lab part. So, your role as lab technician would cover only Birmingham. So what that role means is, we have some raspberry pies at RenoBoards. At the moment, if we ask anybody in Birmingham, how many raspberry pies do we have? Nobody knows. So there's no inventory. So that's one of the challenges. Now, don't just say, I would take inventory, what does that mean? What software would you use? Or would you use to make to take stock? How would you structure it? If you already have something in mind, you could share your screen and show us if not. Explain it more details. Don't just say, I'll make sure there's inventory, anybody can say that, or what tool would you use? What aspects would you capture? Is it just the number of devices? Or what if somebody borrows that device in the class from the cabinet? How is it tracked? And remember, even if you are the lab technician, we don't expect you to be on campus Monday to Friday. And even when you're on campus, you may be teaching. So what happens when a lecturer had you manage, had you created a system that runs even when you're not there. So for example, remember those raspberry pies are stored in cabinets, which are in classrooms. So facilities provide us those cabinets, scheduling, make sure we schedule the class in the rooms where the cabinets are. Sometimes it's not possible so the lecturer has to go to another class, open the cabinet, bring the device, go to his own class. When the lecturer does that, what process should he follow, should he record that? On a sheet. How do you manage that process? So again, it's not as simple as you're saying, our text-top put, when a student takes that device, we've seen from experience that 50-60% of them get damaged. Some of them don't get returned. Some students take them home. Some intention are some they forgot. It wasn't their bag, it was break time. They plan to return it before they go home and they took it home. So these are all the challenges. But how do we fix them? This is your job. Remember, you will be there Monday to Friday, so don't say things like, I'll be going into every class to make sure the lecturer is okay. It's not realistic, you might be teaching on Monday or the whole day. But then somebody needs help. Would you leave your class to go and help them? That would destabilize you. So this will lead to things like guidance, training, creating forms, systems for them to use. Awareness. So all of that. And awareness is both for lecturers and students. Remember, it's not just students, it's not just lecturers. And think of all the stakeholders. Facilities is responsible for cabinets. You need more cabinets. You need days to be moved. If the devices are not in the forerun, then you need to speak to facilities. So these are all the stakeholders. Facilities, IT, who helps us with, procuring the devices sometimes. IT facilities, student lecturers, scheduling, notice all, I've mentioned like five stakeholders. And another question now, come up is, you've been given a project. Because you have a right. Yes, I can hear you. You've been given a project to train staff and students on how to use labs effectively. And when I say labs, it's not just trans-barribates. We're planning to purchase Cisco, routers, switches, which would be in Iraq. Those racks that have wheels that you can move. Yes. And students will be using that to practice to do some networking. Modules that are linked to certifications. Yes. Is to give them an answer. Of course, they can do all those things on packet tracer. But we're going the extra mile to say, if we give them something physical, because some students sometimes go through four years of a degree. And say, oh, I've worked with switches on packet tracer. But if you give them a real switch, they don't, they're scared of it. Because they've never used the physical. It's always simulation. Trying to balance it simulation is good, but also the physical. So how do you make sure those labs are in place after the lecture finishes? So I love this. We would have to do it. Training lecturers to be independent training students to also learn how to use those devices. I think we also purchase those safety kits. The ground in and on those things you have to wear for safety. And yeah, it helps. So all of that training needs to be there. And so the question is, you've been given a project to train lecturers and staff. And how to use lab effectively. How would you approach this? Now, what we're looking for is a stroke truck answer. For example, the first thing you do before you do a training is in needs analysis. So you don't just jump to the training the same way. If somebody says build a software, you don't jump to start building a software. You got the requirement. So needs analysis is basically understanding the training needs what the people really want to be trained on. And the best way to do that is doing a survey. Can be survey, it can be interviews with key people. So it's up to you. What method you think would work. Keep in mind you're only dealing with Birmingham. So if I were you, I would say, a festival, understand how many lecturers do we have in Birmingham. That information we would like to get it from. I can get it from associate dean, which is me. How many modules need those labs? Apart from the modules that need the labs to students need these labs for their final year project. All the type of questions you can ask in your survey. And that, remember, I used the word survey just as an example. And interview of the associate dean to understand better. And these are the questions you'll be asking the dean. And these are the questions you'll be asking students. And these are the questions you'll be asking staff. You don't have to go make it too long, but show us that you're not just saying, I would do a survey, what would be the question, typical questions you would ask. So we want to know that you're thinking about, if not about all the things. After that, then you plan what the training would be like, depending on the answer you got. That would then inform whether it would be an online training. But online, I mean, would it be live online, or would it be a face-to-face life? Or would you have to create some materials as synchronously like? Create some recorded videos, or create some PDF guidance. And give it to people before they come to the training session. It's up to you all depends on what you've got it. So that you are aware that there are different types of training. It could be a workshop where you are actually. You could even find out some lecturers are saying, we want to learn how to use rites verifies, whether teaching it but we are interested. So you might have to do a workshop and say, that's what your training would also be, helping some staff to be more aware of how to use this, for example. Some modules you may not need it, but some lecturers may want to show it as an extra for students. The condition from here is one of them, and so on. And there are other modules and all stuff, which are not running yet. And then, after the training, you have to show us that you would just assume the training has worked. You would do another survey, or collect feedback from people to say, how did you find the training? The question is, would you do it immediately, or would you wait for like four weeks? And go back and say, now, you spend four weeks doing your using the lamps, was that training we did four weeks ago to help? Would you like more training, or would you like a different training? So you are showing that your mind is structured, you are not just doing heater myths. You have a structured way of trying out the training in a way that would work. Yes, on question is, you mentioned about the lamps. So would there be this knitted lamps for the materials? And where would there be this knitted lamps for maybe students can come in? Or is it going to be different classes? Yeah, it's a good question. So this is where the QAHE constraints come in. They cannot create a dedicated lamp, because that would be a waste of room for them. You know, the way universities have dedicated lamps, you know, if QAHE cannot do that, because those universities sometimes those rooms are not used, and it's wasting. QAHE wants to make use of every room, every second, every minute. So it's just some classrooms that would become lamps, but there will still be use for normal teaching, and sometimes there will be use for lamps. So the lamps would be in those classrooms in Birmingham, which we call computing lamps, and would let scheduling know. So modules like foundation, computing modules like network, security, or cyber ops, all the type of modules that need the lamps, will tell scheduling to schedule them in those rooms. But the rooms can be used for a module that is not lab-based, it depends. But sometimes it could be used for lamps, sometimes it's just used for normal teaching, and the racks will still be there. So this is a good question to ask, so how do you make sure? Everything is always in order. So that's where the training comes in. You must train the electricity so independent that if somebody uses, if somebody takes the Raspberry Pi, the lecture are most immediately recorded. Now the question is recorded where that is your job, is either you provide them with form, like yourself of its form, or you provide them with shared spreadsheets. So think around which one is most effective, something they can access while they're in the class. So that they're not saying, well I'm using my QA laptop, or I could access the link while I was in class, you must think around, or is the most effective way to make sure, yeah, they can keep track of anybody that takes the device when it's returned, is that form filled? Was it inspected before it was returned? And once the student returns it when the lecture has left, what should they do? Should they take it home, or should they leave it to IT? These are all the coordination you must do, whether it's you form in a relationship with IT on campus to say, as a backup if you student wanted to return a device, and you know, was collected, and here is the form you should feel. All of that we don't have it, it's your job as a lab technician to form those collaborations. Whether it's working with IT, working with facilities, working with scheduling, working with lecturers. So this is all you should be thinking about. Okay, I'll... I think it's lots of information, and it's really helpful, try to write a well-structured series of answers, so that's all being well prepared for the interview. So the only reason I'm giving you all these updates is, there are other people applying for the role, so... There's two competitions, so do your best. Okay, no problem. I'm sure you should be fine, yes. All right, thank you very much. If you have any questions you can text on WhatsApp, and I want to reply once I get the chance here. Okay, no problem, I will do that. Thanks very much. Okay, thanks, thanks, take care. And this is...